I want to answer the question, In the interview to News Chronicle, what did gandhi say when asked to sign the request to the PM so settle the dispute between Hindus and Muslims which most likely might have lead to the fallure of the round table conference?In the given excerpts, there is no direct mention of Gandhi's response to signing a request to the PM to settle the dispute between Hindus and Muslims. Therefore, based on the provided information, it is not possible to answer the question.In the interview to News Chronicle, Gandhi said that he would not sign the request to the PM to settle the dispute between Hindus and Muslims because he believed that it would most likely lead to the failure of the Round Table Conference. He said that the conference was the only hope for India to achieve self-government, and that if it failed, it would be a disaster for the country. He also said that he did not believe that the British government was sincere in its desire to settle the dispute between Hindus and Muslims, and that he was afraid that the conference would be used as a way to divide India and keep it under British rule.

Gandhi's refusal to sign the request was a major blow to the chances of the Round Table Conference succeeding. It showed that the Indian National Congress, the largest political party in India, was not willing to cooperate with the British government. This made it more difficult for the British to find a solution to the Hindu-Muslim dispute, and it increased the chances that the conference would fail.

The Round Table Conference did eventually fail, and India did not achieve self-government until 1947. It is possible that if Gandhi had signed the request, the conference would have been more successful, and India would have achieved self-government sooner. However, it is also possible that the conference would have failed even if Gandhi had signed the request. The British government was not always willing to listen to the Indian National Congress, and it is possible that they would have found a way to divide India and keep it under British rule even if Gandhi had cooperated with them.
without using any other knowledge and just based on these answers, construct the most relevant answer i want you to take the BEST OF THE TWO ANSWERS if possible and NOT JUST SELECT ONE of them as being more relevant than the other. And just output the final answer and NO OTHER REMARKS/COMMENTS/NOTES of your own.
Temperature = 0.7
Top_p = 1.0
Frequency penalty = 0.6
Presence penalty = 0.1
Stopsequence = "\n"
Give more priority to technical information and data over sentence structure when comparing points. I want you to output the final answer combining the most relevant content and points from both answers and not their grammar. DO NOT SAY "Sure, here's the combined answer based on given parameters." DO NOT USE INTERNET OR ANY OTTHER DATABASE TO ANSWER THE QUESTION. ONLY USE THE INPUT PROVIDED